#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --extra-index-url=https://packages.dea.ga.gov.au --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
--extra-index-url https://packages.dea.ga.gov.au

affine==2.4.0
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-geo
    #   odc-stac
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
aiobotocore[awscli,boto3]==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-cloud
aiohttp==3.8.6
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   dask-gateway
    #   deafrica-tools
aioitertools==0.11.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.0.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   cattrs
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
    #   fiona
    #   jschema-to-python
    #   jsonschema
    #   rasterio
    #   referencing
    #   sarif-om
aws-sam-translator==1.79.0
    # via cfn-lint
aws-xray-sdk==2.12.1
    # via moto
awscli==1.29.64
    # via aiobotocore
babel==2.13.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
black==23.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deafrica-tools
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
bokeh==3.3.1
    # via dask
boltons==23.1.1
    # via eodatasets3
boto3==1.28.64
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
    #   moto
    #   odc-cloud
botocore==1.31.64
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   aws-xray-sdk
    #   awscli
    #   boto3
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
    #   moto
    #   odc-cloud
    #   odc-stats
    #   s3transfer
botocore-stubs==1.31.83
    # via types-aiobotocore
bottleneck==1.3.7
    # via datacube
branca==0.7.0
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   folium
    #   ipyleaflet
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   odc-geo
cattrs==23.1.2
    # via eodatasets3
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   netcdf4
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
cfn-lint==0.83.1
    # via moto
cftime==1.6.3
    # via netcdf4
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
ciso8601==2.3.1
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-stats
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   dask
    #   dask-gateway
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   eodatasets3
    #   fiona
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
    #   odc-dscache
    #   odc-stats
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   dask-glm
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
colorama==0.4.4
    # via awscli
comm==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
coverage==7.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==41.0.5
    # via
    #   moto
    #   python-jose
    #   sshpubkeys
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dask[array,complete,dataframe,diagnostics,distributed]==2023.10.1
    # via
    #   dask-gateway
    #   dask-glm
    #   dask-image
    #   dask-ml
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   distributed
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-stac
    #   odc-stats
dask-gateway==2023.9.0
    # via deafrica-tools
dask-glm==0.3.1
    # via dask-ml
dask-image==2023.8.1
    # via odc-algo
dask-ml==2023.3.24
    # via deafrica-tools
datacube[performance,s3]==1.8.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
    #   odc-dscache
    #   odc-stats
    #   odc-ui
datadog==0.47.0
    # via odc-apps-dc-tools
deafrica-tools==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   eodatasets3
    #   nbconvert
deprecat==2.1.1
    # via datacube
distributed==2023.10.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   dask-gateway
    #   dask-glm
    #   dask-ml
    #   datacube
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-stats
docker==6.1.3
    # via moto
docutils==0.16
    # via awscli
ecdsa==0.18.0
    # via
    #   moto
    #   python-jose
    #   sshpubkeys
eodatasets3==0.29.7
    # via
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
    #   odc-stats
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   cattrs
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.18.1
    # via nbformat
fiona==1.9.5
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   geopandas
    #   odc-stats
    #   rasterstats
flake8==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deafrica-tools
folium==0.15.0
    # via deafrica-tools
fonttools==4.44.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2023.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
    #   odc-stats
gdal==3.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-stats
geoalchemy2==0.14.2
    # via datacube
geographiclib==2.0
    # via geopy
geojson==3.1.0
    # via deafrica-tools
geopandas==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deafrica-tools
geopy==2.4.0
    # via deafrica-tools
graphql-core==3.2.3
    # via moto
greenlet==3.0.1
    # via sqlalchemy
h5py==3.10.0
    # via eodatasets3
hdstats==0.2.1
    # via deafrica-tools
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.32.0
    # via
    #   pims
    #   scikit-image
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via dask
importlib-resources==6.1.1
    # via odc-apps-dc-tools
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.26.0
    # via jupyterlab
ipyleaflet==0.17.4
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-ui
ipython==8.17.2
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-ui-poll
    #   odc-ui
ipywidgets==8.1.1
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   ipyleaflet
    #   odc-ui
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deafrica-tools
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   branca
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   folium
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   moto
    #   nbconvert
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   scikit-learn
jschema-to-python==1.2.3
    # via cfn-lint
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsondiff==2.0.0
    # via moto
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via cfn-lint
jsonpickle==3.0.2
    # via jschema-to-python
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via
    #   jsonpatch
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.19.2
    # via
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   cfn-lint
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
    #   pystac
jsonschema-path==0.3.1
    # via openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   openapi-schema-validator
junit-xml==1.9
    # via cfn-lint
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.5.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.10.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-ui-poll==0.2.2
    # via odc-ui
jupyterlab==4.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.1
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lark==1.1.8
    # via datacube
lazy-loader==0.3
    # via scikit-image
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via openapi-spec-validator
llvmlite==0.41.1
    # via numba
lmdb==1.4.1
    # via odc-dscache
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   partd
lxml==4.9.3
    # via
    #   owslib
    #   pytmd
lz4==4.3.2
    # via dask
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.8.1
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-ui
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
moto[all]==4.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.0.7
    # via distributed
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multipart==0.2.4
    # via moto
multipledispatch==1.0.0
    # via
    #   dask-glm
    #   dask-ml
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.11.0
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via ipykernel
netcdf4==1.6.5
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   pytmd
networkx==3.2.1
    # via
    #   cfn-lint
    #   scikit-image
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via jupyterlab
numba==0.58.1
    # via
    #   dask-ml
    #   sparse
numexpr==2.8.7
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-algo
numpy==1.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   bottleneck
    #   cftime
    #   contourpy
    #   dask
    #   dask-image
    #   dask-ml
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   eodatasets3
    #   folium
    #   h5py
    #   hdstats
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   netcdf4
    #   numba
    #   numexpr
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-geo
    #   odc-stac
    #   odc-stats
    #   odc-ui
    #   pandas
    #   pims
    #   pyarrow
    #   pytmd
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shapely
    #   snuggs
    #   sparse
    #   tifffile
    #   xarray
odc-algo==0.2.3
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-stats
    #   odc-ui
odc-apps-dc-tools==0.2.14
    # via -r requirements.in
odc-cloud[async]==0.2.3
    # via
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
    #   odc-stats
odc-dscache==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   odc-stats
odc-geo==0.4.1
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-stac
odc-io==0.2.1
    # via
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
    #   odc-stats
odc-stac==0.3.7
    # via odc-stats
odc-stats==1.0.36
    # via -r requirements.in
odc-ui==0.2.1.dev3676
    # via deafrica-tools
openapi-schema-validator==0.6.2
    # via openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.7.1
    # via moto
overrides==7.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
owslib==0.29.3
    # via deafrica-tools
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   dask-ml
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   distributed
    #   docker
    #   geoalchemy2
    #   geopandas
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   scikit-image
    #   setuptools-scm
    #   xarray
pandas==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   dask-image
    #   dask-ml
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   geopandas
    #   odc-dscache
    #   odc-stac
    #   odc-stats
    #   odc-ui
    #   seaborn
    #   xarray
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
partd==1.4.1
    # via dask
pathable==0.4.3
    # via jsonschema-path
pathspec==0.11.2
    # via black
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   jschema-to-python
    #   sarif-om
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
pims==0.6.1
    # via dask-image
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.18.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.6
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   odc-dscache
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py-partiql-parser==0.4.1
    # via moto
pyarrow==14.0.1
    # via dask
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.4.2
    # via aws-sam-translator
pydantic-core==2.10.1
    # via pydantic
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   moto
    #   snuggs
pyproj==3.6.1
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   eodatasets3
    #   geopandas
    #   odc-geo
    #   pytmd
pystac[validation]==1.9.0
    # via
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
    #   odc-stac
    #   odc-stats
    #   pystac-client
    #   rio-stac
pystac-client==0.7.5
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
pytest==7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deafrica-tools
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   moto
    #   owslib
    #   pandas
    #   pystac
    #   pystac-client
    #   pytmd
python-geohash==0.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
python-jose[cryptography]==3.3.0
    # via moto
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-rapidjson==1.13
    # via eodatasets3
pytmd==2.0.8
    # via deafrica-tools
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   owslib
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   bokeh
    #   cfn-lint
    #   dask
    #   dask-gateway
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   jupyter-events
    #   moto
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
    #   owslib
    #   responses
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
rasterio==1.3.9
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-stac
    #   odc-stats
    #   odc-ui
    #   rasterstats
    #   rio-stac
rasterstats==0.19.0
    # via deafrica-tools
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2023.10.3
    # via cfn-lint
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   datadog
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   docker
    #   folium
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   moto
    #   owslib
    #   pystac-client
    #   responses
    #   urlpath
responses==0.24.0
    # via moto
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
    #   openapi-schema-validator
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rio-stac==0.8.1
    # via odc-apps-dc-tools
rpds-py==0.12.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.7.2
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   python-jose
ruamel-yaml==0.18.5
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8
    # via ruamel-yaml
s3transfer==0.7.0
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   boto3
sarif-om==1.0.4
    # via cfn-lint
scikit-image==0.22.0
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-algo
scikit-learn==1.3.2
    # via
    #   dask-glm
    #   dask-ml
    #   deafrica-tools
scipy==1.11.3
    # via
    #   dask-glm
    #   dask-image
    #   dask-ml
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   eodatasets3
    #   hdstats
    #   pytmd
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sparse
seaborn==0.13.0
    # via deafrica-tools
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools-scm==8.0.4
    # via pytmd
shapely==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   eodatasets3
    #   geopandas
    #   odc-geo
    #   rasterstats
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via rasterstats
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   ecdsa
    #   fiona
    #   junit-xml
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
slicerator==1.1.0
    # via pims
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
snuggs==1.4.7
    # via rasterio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sparse==0.14.0
    # via dask-glm
sqlalchemy==1.4.50
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datacube
    #   geoalchemy2
sshpubkeys==3.3.1
    # via moto
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
structlog==23.2.0
    # via eodatasets3
sympy==1.12
    # via cfn-lint
tblib==3.0.0
    # via distributed
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2023.9.26
    # via
    #   dask-image
    #   scikit-image
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pytest
    #   setuptools-scm
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
    #   odc-dscache
    #   odc-stac
    #   odc-stats
    #   partd
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask-gateway
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-stats
traitlets==5.13.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   traittypes
traittypes==0.2.1
    # via ipyleaflet
types-aiobotocore[essential]==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
types-aiobotocore-cloudformation==2.7.0
    # via types-aiobotocore
types-aiobotocore-dynamodb==2.7.0
    # via types-aiobotocore
types-aiobotocore-ec2==2.7.0
    # via types-aiobotocore
types-aiobotocore-lambda==2.7.0
    # via types-aiobotocore
types-aiobotocore-rds==2.7.0
    # via types-aiobotocore
types-aiobotocore-s3==2.7.0
    # via types-aiobotocore
types-aiobotocore-sqs==2.7.0
    # via types-aiobotocore
types-awscrt==0.19.9
    # via botocore-stubs
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.14
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   async-lru
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   black
    #   cattrs
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   setuptools-scm
    #   types-aiobotocore
    #   types-aiobotocore-cloudformation
    #   types-aiobotocore-dynamodb
    #   types-aiobotocore-ec2
    #   types-aiobotocore-lambda
    #   types-aiobotocore-rds
    #   types-aiobotocore-s3
    #   types-aiobotocore-sqs
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   distributed
    #   docker
    #   requests
    #   responses
urlpath==1.2.0
    # via odc-apps-dc-tools
wcwidth==0.2.9
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.4
    # via
    #   docker
    #   jupyter-server
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via moto
widgetsnbextension==4.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   aws-xray-sdk
    #   deprecat
xarray==2023.10.1
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-stac
    #   odc-stats
    #   odc-ui
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via moto
xyzservices==2023.10.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   ipyleaflet
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp
zict==3.0.0
    # via distributed
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.22.0
    # via odc-dscache

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
